docs: add new 2.1 English docs and revise Chinese docs (#196)
chaos-mesh/website: docs/simulate-jvm-application-chaos-in-physical-nodes.md

title: Simulate JVM Application Faults
---

Chaosd simulates the faults of JVM application through [Byteman](https://github.com/chaos-mesh/byteman). The supported fault types are as follows:

- Throw custom exceptions
- Trigger garbage collection
- Increase method latency
- Modify return values of a method
- Trigger faults by setting Byteman configuration files
- Increase JVM pressure

This document describes how to use Chaosd to create the above fault types of JVM experiments.

## Create experiments using command-line mode

This section introduces how to create the experiments of JVM application faults using command-line mode.

Before creating the experiment, you can run the following command line to see the types of JVM application faults supported by Chaosd:

```bash
chaosd attack jvm -h
```

The result is as follows:

> ```bash

Reviewer: 输出的 code block 应该不需要用 bash 的语法高亮吧（高亮之后有点奇怪）

Author: 好像新版本的其他文档中输出结果一般都是 bash 高亮处理的，我们在本次先和其他文档保持统一，然后搜集不太合适的部分之后后续同意修改如何呢？

JVM attack related commands

Usage:
  chaosd attack jvm [command]

Available Commands:
  exception   throw specified exception for specified method
  gc          trigger GC for JVM
  latency     inject latency to specified method
  return      return specified value for specified method
  rule-file   inject fault with configured byteman rule file
  stress      inject stress to JVM

Flags:
  -h, --help       help for jvm
      --pid int    the pid of Java process which needs to attach
      --port int   the port of agent server (default 9288)

Global Flags:
      --log-level string   the log level of chaosd. The value can be 'debug', 'info', 'warn' and 'error'
      --uid string         the experiment ID

Use "chaosd attack jvm [command] --help" for more information about a command.
```

### Simulate the scenario of throwing custom exceptions using command-line mode

> #### Commands for simulating the scenario of throwing custom exceptions

Author: 我觉得考虑到右侧导航可以把小标题改为这类的故障类型名称，不过四级标题部分（ "#### Commands" ）可能还是需要保留具体信息，比如：Commands for throwing custom exceptions. 因为，只写 commands 的话，本文档中可能有很多同样的锚点，在其他文档中引用时可能会出问题

> #### Commands for simulating the scenario of throwing custom exceptions

Reviewer: “在其他文档中被引用时有两个同样的锚点可能会引起死链。”
是的~ 考虑到这个问题，Docusaurus 支持自定义的 explicit id（{#..），可以把锚点和文本分离开来，同样的文本可以设置不同的锚点。不过需要研发同事确认下我们的 Docusaurus 是否支持这个功能。

那这次先不改了吧，这也只是个 better to have 的东西，不影响文档正确性。

> To see the configuration items supported by the scenario of throwing custom exceptions, run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see the usage and flag options of the command that throws custom exceptions, run the following command:
```

Author: 由于在下面先保留了 configuration item，在这里我也先保留这个翻译吧

```bash
chaosd attack jvm exception --help
```

The result is as follows:

```bash
throw specified exception for specified method

Usage:
  chaosd attack jvm exception [options] [flags]

Flags:
  -c, --class string       Java class name
      --exception string   the exception which needs to throw for action 'exception'
  -h, --help               help for exception
  -m, --method string      the method name in Java class

Global Flags:
      --log-level string   the log level of chaosd. The value can be 'debug', 'info', 'warn' and 'error'
      --pid int            the pid of Java process which needs to attach
      --port int           the port of agent server (default 9288)
      --uid string         the experiment ID
```

> #### Configuration description for simulating the scenario of throwing custom exceptions

Reviewer: Ditto. Let's make it shorter. 

```suggestion
#### Options {#options-throw-custom-exceptions}
```

Also, I think `option` is more appropriate because we follow the Google style guide. See [Linux commands](https://developers.google.cn/style/code-syntax#linux-commands).

Author: 这部分我们也先记录下来之后，后续统一修改下吧，因为 Chaos Mesh 所有版本文档中好像都使用了 configuration item 或者是 field

Author: 为了简洁，我先统一修改为 Configuration for throwing custom exceptions 吧

> | Configuration item | Abbreviation | Description | Value |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Options | Abbreviation | Description | Value |
```

| :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- |

> | class | c | The name of the Java class | string type, required to be configured |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `class` | `c` | The name of the Java class | string type, required |
```

> | exception | None | The throwed custom exception | string type, required to be configured |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `exception` | None | The thrown custom exception | string type, required |
```
Please update other rows as well. Thanks!

| method | m | The name of the method | string type, required to be configured |
| pid | None | The Java process ID where the fault is needed to be injected | int type, required to be configured  |

> | port | None | The port number attached to the Java process agent. The faults is injected into the Java process through this port number. | int type. the default value is `9288`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| port | None | The port number attached to the Java process agent. The fault is injected into the Java process through this port number. | int type. the default value is `9288`. |
```

| uid | None | The experiment number | string type. This item is not required to be configured, because Chaosd randomly creates one. |

> #### Example for simulating the scenario of throwing custom exceptions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Example {#example-throw-custom-exceptions}
```
